---
slug: diary01
title: A diary
date: 2023-10-29
authors: xingshi
tags: [ssn, article]
unlisted: true
---


In high school, there weren't many forms of entertainment, so I learned to write a diary to record my life. I remember writing in my diary whenever I had free time during evening self-study. <!-- truncate -->Besides killing time, I also wrote when something happened, like when I was in a good or bad mood. But most of my entries were written when I was feeling down. However, in college, I can't just write about unhappy things; it's also good for recording life. From now on, I'll write whenever I have free time. This is my first entry, and pretty much my first diary entry of college. Although I've written some things on QQ's "Spontaneous Notes" feature, those were mostly for expressing my feelings when I was upset. From today onwards, I'll write here. I feel it's not safe to write online. Even though everyone is "transparent" in this internet age, it's still best not to openly reveal your privacy. Therefore, I plan to use Notepad to write my diary locally, which I feel is the second safest medium after paper.


I'm a sophomore now, and I'm only now getting around to writing something to document my college life. To be honest, it's a bit late. During my first semester of freshman year, I was either in dorm quarantine or attending classes, and I was getting nucleic acid tests every day, which was quite depressing. Honestly, it wasn't until the second semester that the pandemic was almost over, and my mood improved a bit. I even went out a bit more. Looking at my phone's photo album, the first semester photos were mostly of the campus scenery, and then some pictures taken at the train station and high-speed rail when I first arrived at school. There weren't any particularly interesting photos. What really caught my eye was the second semester: the launch of Da Bing's new book. I took some photos... Photos of Da Bing; went to Yangjiabu and took a picture of the "Dreamy Water Town" building opposite it, only to later find out it wasn't the Yangjiabu Art Grand View Garden, but a modern building full of classical style, sigh; then the cherry blossoms at People's Square, the Weifang Science and Technology Museum; ate barbecue at Jiahao in Zibo and took photos of the Haidai Tower and Xiaofu River Wetland; this semester I went to the Binhai Happy Sea Scenic Area, my first time seeing the sea in my life; went home for National Day, transferred to Jinan, saw the landmark at Quancheng Square, went to Daming Lake, and ate Jinan's famous braised pork; Weifang Museum, Weifang International Kite Museum, the photos are getting more and more numerous.


At the beginning of my freshman year, the second semester, Da Bing held a book signing event for his new book, "Take Care," at Xinyue Plaza, which was very close to my school. It was the first time I truly appreciated the convenience of my university being located in the city center. I walked there, met Da Bing, and got his autograph. It was him who, in that winter of my junior year of high school, made that child's eyes light up. I remember the book was called "Amitabha, Mwah Mwah." The first story I read was "A Child's Wish." The protagonist struck me deeply—a child younger than me, yet so sensible. Of course, it was his story that brought tears to my eyes. Such a good child had leukemia and passed away many years ago. That child... but I still remember when I first... I was quite moved when I first read his story. He was such a well-behaved child; I think his name was Yueyang. But the story that resonated with me the most was "Little Bell." The junior sister in the story was a devoted woman who deeply loved a scumbag. I don't know why, but even though I didn't understand love back then, I empathized with that junior sister. I guess her child is about my age now—following the storyline in Da Bing's book. Yes, the reason I empathized was because such a good girl, with a stable job, became pregnant with that scumbag's child because of her infatuation. I don't know why, but I felt really sorry for the junior sister. I wonder how she will talk to her child about his father when he grows up? What truly made me like Da Bing was the world he described in his books and his values: "able to work a 9-to-5 job while also being able to roam the world." I really like his "wanderer" persona. His books are full of worthwhile stories, and I've bought every single one of his books. I'll pick them up and read them whenever I feel like it. They contain many beautiful stories, and of course, they also reveal the realities of society, which has shaped my relatively normal worldview. At least I consider myself a normal person.


A problem that really bothers me is when I'll meet my soulmate. "You can like a type, but you can only love one person." Do you remember when you saw this quote? The original quote was something like this: It basically means you might like many people, but you can only love one. For example, I feel like I like pure, clean, cute, and a little clingy girls. Of course, I might only have one person I love, but I haven't met them yet. I guess I'll meet them in the near future. I'll try to become a better person. I don't know why, but even though I feel like I'm very diligent and clean, I still can't find a partner. Looking at my roommates, most of them are pretty lazy, but some are somewhat good-looking, or they're eloquent and capable. I feel like these are things I need to learn. Besides being diligent, I need to improve my interpersonal skills, become more outgoing and cheerful, and hopefully, I'll meet a girl who appreciates me. Anyway, I feel like I still have a lot to do. Like the saying goes, "The revolution is not yet complete, comrades must continue to strive." Although it doesn't directly concern me, the reality is that "the task is arduous and the road is long." I need to work harder and try to find a girl to spend my life with during university, otherwise, the purity of student life will be lost once I enter the workforce.


I wrote a lot today, probably because it's my first time writing a diary. I probably won't have the time or energy to write such long entries again. I used Notepad because I'm a computer science major. Early computer gurus probably wrote their programs in Notepad—no predictive text, no formatting, just pure hand-typing. I really admire them, but I'm still quite inexperienced, at least for now. Although I love computer-related majors, it's a science subject, and I'm a humanities student. I'll have to put in a lot of effort to master it. Currently, I'm interested in web front-end development, but I also need to learn back-end development, like choosing between Java and Python, and mastering either MySQL or NoSQL databases. And NoSQL is... The major is broad, encompassing many databases. Redis seems to be the most commonly used. I don't know what else I'll learn next. By the time I'm a sophomore, I guess I'll only be learning these things. I think next semester I'll also learn something about Spark or something, something related to big data. To be honest, this big data major teaches a lot, but so far, it hasn't been very useful (laughing and crying). I feel like only the Java and Python programming languages ​​and the knowledge from web front-end development are somewhat useful. Courses like Computer Network Fundamentals, Introduction to Big Data, Fundamentals of Information Technology, and Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, all those with "fundamentals" or "introduction," feel like courses where you just need to understand them. They give you the feeling that knowing is enough and you don't need to go into depth. But I haven't had much contact with computers before, and now suddenly learning this stuff is a bit hard to accept. I plan to start learning from computer fundamentals and take it slow.