---
slug: summer
title: Summer
date: 2024-05-19
authors: xingshi
tags: [season, article]
---

<iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sofxAPGyhPc" title="夏 | Summer" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


When you think of summer, what comes to your mind?

It’s the vast sea, the unbearably hot sun, a barbecue with friends gathering together, the feeling of leisurely walking on a path in the evening summer breeze, or many other things.
<!-- truncate -->

For me, summer is a season that I yearn for. Compared with winter, which is characterized by snow, spring, which is full of vitality and the revival of all things, golden autumn, October, and autumn when farming is busy, the sea and barbecues in summer are my favorite side. Of course, the dryness of spring, the desolation of autumn, the severe cold of winter, and the heat and rain of summer are some of its shortcomings, but they cannot stop me from loving summer. This is probably because there was a two-month vacation in the summer when I was a student. In summer, there are enough We have more time to chase the sea, drink cold drinks, and do what we want to do, and the days in summer are the longest of the year, which means we have longer time to chase what we want to do, exercise, relax, and enjoy a delicious meal.

Summer is a hot season and also a leisurely season. The heat of the day cannot withstand the coolness of the summer wind in the evening. It cannot stop the leisure time, walking on the field path, blowing the evening breeze, thinking about happiness or some unforgettable things, and it cannot dissipate the happy mood of having a barbecue, drinking a cold drink or beer. The evening breeze blows, with a pleasant mood, and you fall asleep.