---
slug: autumn
title: Autumn
date: 2025-11-02
authors: xingshi
tags: [season, article]
---

<iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YZh5z8AjeBo" title="秋 | Autumn" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Autumn has not yet arrived, and winter is getting stronger. This year’s autumn feels like it has come and gone quickly. The most impressive thing is that it rained for nearly half a month in October. One autumn rain and one cold. This year’s autumn has not encountered the crisp autumn weather, and I have begun to feel the leaves are falling and yellowing, with a feeling of desolation, sadness and coldness. It will be the beginning of winter in a few days. This autumn is passing so fast.
<!-- truncate -->

The blooming flowers in spring are full of vitality, the heat of summer and the coolness of evening have all been experienced, but autumn is coming to an end, and I haven’t felt the strong autumn feeling yet, but when I look up and look out the window at the gradually withered leaves - it turns out that autumn has already quietly arrived, and I certainly have some feelings about autumn.

Autumn is the season of harvest, and the air is crisp. This season is the same as spring. There is neither the heat of summer nor the cold of winter. It can be regarded as two relatively beautiful seasons in a year. Most of the autumn in student days is spent on campus. Along with the knowledge learned, it dissipates in the mind. It is only in the past two years that I gradually have some memories of autumn. It is probably after I started working that I had my own space to think about some things independently. Last autumn was still in the training stage, so I lived a happy life. Freedom At the same time, I am also learning skills. This autumn, I have been working for nearly a year in a blink of an eye. Time flies, but I also leave some images on my phone. I look through the photo album on my phone. Every photo and video has its own meaning. Each photo and each video together outlines my impression of autumn. A season with the joy of harvest but also bleakness and coldness. A season that has inherited the heat of summer and is also preparing to welcome the cold season of winter.

Time flies, and I have spent twenty-one spring and autumn years in the blink of an eye. The mark of time is engraved on my body. The ignorant child I once was has wandered in a strange city, got a job of my choice, and started to work hard for my future. With the footsteps of the years and the cool breeze of autumn, we are heading towards our own future together.