---
slug: summary-for-2025
title: Summary for 2025
authors: xingshi
date: 2025-12-31
tags: [summary, article]
image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xingshi012/blog-images/931e40f0d2faf52f1bebcc7fdd04c9f70304e84d/blogs/2025/2025-12-31/summary-for-2025-cover.webp
description: Time flies so fast, and in the blink of an eye, this year is coming to an end. This year is a dull year without causing any ripples
---

<iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/H7luEkUT1Oo" title="2025年终总结 | 2025 year-end summary" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Time flies so fast, and in the blink of an eye, this year is coming to an end. This year is a dull year without causing any ripples, but it is also a year with some unforgettable moments. Let me summarize this year:
<!-- truncate -->
I spent most of this year in Tianjin. It was also the first time that I lived alone in a strange city. It was quite an unforgettable year. On the first day of this year, I went to Century Bell Square in Tianjin. It was my first time to join in such a crowd of people. In addition to the atmosphere and liveliness, the most profound feeling was that people follow the crowd. There are really many people! The stretch from the South Square of Tianjin Station to the Century Clock is packed with people. In fact, it’s not that interesting at all. It’s just that people get together and count down to tens and shout Happy New Year. But this experience is still very satisfying. It’s really lively when there are so many people.

In the following days, because I was no longer a student and did not have the long vacations I had when I was a student, I spent most of my time on my days off. I went shopping in some places and visited many scenic spots in Tianjin: Century Clock, Jiefang Bridge, Jinwan Square, Eye of Tianjin, Ancient Culture Street, Fifth Avenue, Binjiang Road, Jiefang North Road, and Xiaobailou. I basically walked around the city, but maybe I haven’t eaten enough yet. I have only eaten: gaba dishes, pancakes and fruits, Bazhen tofu, HuangMenLiangYang, shaved ice, and some unique Tianjin dishes that I have not tried yet.

In addition, I also went to Binhai, looked at the sea in Tianjin, went to Jinghai County, ate Duliu Hechao, a local dish unique to Tianjin, and went to Jinnan District to meet friends for a few meals, watch a movie, and take a Haihe River cruise with friends. It was a very emotional boating experience.

Of course, Tianjin also has some regrets. Every district in Tianjin has not been visited yet. When you have time to return to this city, you should go for a stroll. Climb the winding mountains of Ji County and visit Dongli, Xiqing, Beichen, Baodi, Ninghe, and Wuqing districts. When you come to a new city, in addition to the urban area, you still like to visit its districts and counties to experience the different customs and customs of each region.

In addition, I went back to Weifang in June, got a diploma, and attended the school’s graduation ceremony. I also graduated. It went by so fast. From now on, I will lose my identity as a student, meet the society, and try to be an adult!

In September, I went to Beijing for two days and visited several museums and gift shops, as well as Tiananmen Square and the Great Hall of the People. These two places I often see on TV were visited in person.

**I wish the motherland will become stronger**

Going to this city also makes me realize my own insignificance, especially when I go around the "Big Pants" area. There is an indescribable feeling in this area. It's better to improve yourself!

This is probably the case in terms of life. In terms of material things, I didn’t make much money, but the focus is on experience. I learned some new things during this year of solitude. I think I learned some new things about life and social knowledge that cannot be taught on campus. At least now I have no problem cooking for myself. Home-cooked meals are not delicious at all, but let’s make a living. I also tried to cook a more troublesome Tianjin dish: NaiQuanBao. Preparing the ingredients really took up a lot of time. I spent a long time shopping at the morning market to buy all the ingredients.

Everything is fine at work, but I just need to learn more new technologies. At present, the technologies I know are basically qualified for the job, but there are some things I don't know, such as complex js logic, which may be a bit difficult to write by myself. It needs the assistance of AI. In addition, I still have to try to learn some frameworks `vue` and `react`. The three major components of native development are of course easy to use, but it is also because of their foundation that few companies use the three major components of native development now. Let's think about improving efficiency. Learn some complicated things and broaden your technology stack.

This year is probably like this. I no longer have the leisure time of walking around as a student. Most of my time is spent at work. If I have time on my days off, I will basically go out for a walk to gain knowledge and kill time.

In the new year, I hope you can still maintain an optimistic and positive attitude and spend every day happily!

Also, make a small wish, and have a small savings at the end of the year.

then

**I hope it can happen**

```
console.log('End');
```

**Original:**

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/iLJjpirMta4WiD-a1QpJjg